=head1 NAME

SomethingAwful::Forums

=head1 SYNOPSIS

    use Modern::Perl;
    use SomethingAwful::Forums;
    use Data::Dumper;

    my $SA = SomethingAwful::Forums->new;

    $SA->login(
        'username' => 'something',
        'password' => 'awful',
    );

    my $scraped_thread = $SA->fetch_posts( 
        thread_id => 3343753, 
        pages     => 1, 
    );

    # view the data structure
    say Dumper( $scraped_thread ); 

    $SA->reply_to_thread( thread_id => 3343753, 'gas' );

=head1 DESCRIPTION

Scrape and post to the forums.SomethingAwful.com forums.

See /examples folder.

=head1 INSTALLATION

    # install everything needed by the SomethingAwful::Forums module + examples
    cpanm --with-recommends git://github.com/ugexe/SomethingAwful--Forums.git

=head1 OBJECTS

=head2 index_scraper

Web::Scraper scraper for scraping forum's index page.

=head2 forum_scraper

Web::Scraper for scraping a specific forum.

=head2 thread_scraper

Web::Scraper for scraping specific thread.

=head2 base_url

Contains the URL of the forum index. Allows use of an IP address if DNS fails to resolve.

=head2 mech

WWW::Mechanize object used internally to navigate web pages.

=head2 logged_in

Returns 1 if it successfully logged in.

=head1 METHODS

=head2 login 

    $SA->login( username => $username, password => $password )

Login to forums using passed credentials. 

=head2 reply_to_thread

    $SA->reply_to_thread( thread_id => $thread_id, body => $body )

Reply to a specific thread

=head2 reply_to_post

    $SA->reply_to_post( post_id => $post_id, body => $body )

Reply to a specific post.

=head2 fetch_forums

    $SA->fetch_forums

Return a hashref representing the scraped forum index.

=head2 fetch_threads

    $SA->fetch_threads( forum_id => $forum_id, pages => [1,2] )

Return a hashref repsenting the threads scraped from the supplied pages of the supplied forum id.

=head2 fetch_posts

    $SA->fetch_posts( thread_id => $forum_id, pages => [1,2] )

Return a hashref repsenting the posts scraped from the supplied pages of the supplied thread id.

=head1 AUTHOR

ugexe

=head1 LICENSE

This library is free software, you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the same terms as Perl itself.

